---
layout: post
title: 2017 - Year In Review
date: '2018-01-04 12:00pm'
---


<p>I wasn't sure how to start this. Last year was a very tough and challenging year for me. I made some of the most important decisions of my life and faced one of the toughest times at one point.</p>

<p>But overall, it was a great year. Great because it lays the foundation of what the rest of my life would be.</p>

<br>
##### Got married
<p>I proposed to the love of my life in October 2016, and we started making plans to get married last year - And we did. It was exactly the kind of wedding we always wanted - Small and with close friends. I can't dance, so I did whatever I could do. Lol<br></p>

<br>
##### New job / Moved to The Netherlands
<p>I left my job at Konga.com and moved to Amsterdam to join the design team at Booking.com (My first full-time job outside Nigeria), and it's everything I hoped it would be and more.</p>

<p>We pretty much got rid of all our belongings, furniture, cars, moved to Amsterdam, and started our lives from scratch. It was scary but I love a good challenge.</p>

<blockquote><br><p class="lead">I sold my car and bought a bicycle (which got stolen because I was new and <a href="https://www.iamexpat.nl/expat-info/dutch-expat-news/how-not-get-your-bike-stolen-netherlands">probably didn't lock it properly</a>, thanks Amsterdam) - Then I bought another one.</p><br></blockquote>


<br>
##### Became a Dad
<p>I'm a father now, and it has been the weirdest experience ever. I thought I was ready, but turns out you can never be truly ready. Everyone talks about the sweet parts of being a father but trust me, the whole period where you realise you brought someone into the world, who'll forever be your responsibility messes with you for a while.</p>

<p>But my son is the cutest, and he's going to do great things. And looking at him every day gives me all the motivation I need to keep pushing.</p>

<br>
##### Lost some of my eyesight
<p>I realised I couldn't see properly, did an eye test and now I wear glasses.</p>

<br>
##### Started gaming again
<p>I came from SNES / PS1 / N64 / Dreamcast days, never owned any consoles in between - then got a 1TB PS4 Pro this year. And daily, I marvel at the tech in the console & controller. (Yeah, I'm old.)</p>

<br>
##### Switched to iOS
<p>I moved from Android to iOS - I've been using Android since 2011 and had never used an iPhone till I decided to get an iPhone 8 Plus this year. Mixed feelings about it, there are some things I love about it and some things I miss from Android.</p>

<p>There were a few other moments that made my year, but these stood out. I experienced too many new things to list out in this post. But, overall I feel closer to my (unattainable) goal of true happiness. I cut out distractions, owned less, and lived more.</p>


<br>
#### This year
<p>2018 feels like a fresh start for me. There's so much to do out there. In no order;</p>

* Love better / Always prioritize family.
* Visit at least 3 new countries.
* Try more new things.
* See more of Holland.
* Hike at least once.
* I want to go Skydiving at least once (depending on what the first experience is like).
* Go for at least 1 concert (Already booked to see Kygo & Gryffin in February).
* Take care of my health. Exercise more often.
* Enjoy every day of being a father/husband.
* Write more.
* Go back to art. Start painting.
* Get a museum card. Learn more about Dutch art.
* Make new friends.
* Explore personal design experiments.
* ~~Improve~~ Learn to speak Dutch.






